https://codepen.io/michael-blackford/pen/WNpdmOz
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic elements have names that describe the content. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html structures text for the browser 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes add functionality to a html element and they are added to the begining tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 to title a page and there should only be one 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    images and links 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the title, links to css documents and other meta data 
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a selector you add to any element for can only be used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once 
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a selector you can add to multiple elements and therefor repeat styles 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinite 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a 'target' attribute and set that to _blank 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    screen readers 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means the content is grouped but div does not give the content any special meaning 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to add style html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is a way of creating styles you want to repeat and add to multiple elements where an id is only used one specific time 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    its used to style elements that happen with in a another for instance ever li in a nav 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidbar > a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    they select elements in a certain state ie hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 10px; 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 10px; 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div { border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    li
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm    becuase its gone permantly 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    becuase it keeps track of what changes have happened 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    when ever you add a new feature thats worth commiting 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
visit the project thourgh the link on slack 
fork the project creating your own copy to alter
navigate to or create the folder where your project will sit locally 
using cd to navigate and mkdir to create 
create a branch with git checkout -b 'firstlame-lastlame' 
return to your forked copy and click branch: master 
click your name branch and click new pull request 
change the dropdown to your forked repo  
click create pull request 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
